Hello to all a very long time I laid out on
old tutorial channel about shower and many
said in the comments that you can
make less
I learned how and now I am ready for you
show this system as you can see
there is absolutely no difference with external
sides but from the inside
changed a lot as you see we
click on the lever and immediately swim
north give them show how this system
build in a more compact version
For example, I will probably take this not to
wall and so to begin with we must
decide where the water will drip
let it be here we must
put semi blocks to water
did not spread
next here we have to put two
piston and make a water tank
I have you, he is quite simply like this
way further we raise the block above and
here it is not fill in here yet
screaming will stand here mean behind
leverage we have to put the torch on
torch block on the side of the block one more torch on
torch is another block and here is another block
here two blocks here god and redstone here
save up both pistons move in now we
here we can pour water and when he
push start
two levers open and naturally
face water begins guess at what is
pretty clear
when this torch goes out this torch
illuminates with the result that
this torch went out and accordingly the pistons
open and when this torch is lit
then this torch goes out and accordingly
this torch lights up naturally
makes the pistons activate again
But I think this system is more than once
than the old it is much less resource cost
her very compact and even
close to the ideal
Well, this is probably all subscribe
channel add from group start
comments like you add
national team invites their friends not
forget that every week I have
interesting videos come out
Redstone systems once again all big
thanks for watching everyone bye